[HB-9630][HB-9604] Documentation for conversion rates (#128)
hashboard-hq/documentation: pages/docs/event-analytics/conversion-rates.mdx

# How are conversion rates computed?

Conversion rates in Hashboard are measured using the following formula:

$$$

> rate = \frac{converted\_count}{started\_count}

Reviewer: please rename to `entered_funnel` and `converted_funnel` to match the columns names of the funnel conversion table.

$$$

> Where `started_count` is the # of entities who matched the first step of the funnel within the given time bucket (e.g. month), and `converted_count` is the # of entities who matched all steps of the funnel in order, within the time limit, starting in the given time bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$started_count$ is the number of entities which matched the first step of the funnel within the given time bucket (e.g. month). $converted_count$ is the number of entities which matched all steps of the funnel in order, within the time limit, starting in the given time bucket. You can see a breakdown of these values in the table view.
```

Reviewer: don't shorthand `#` as `number` is externally facing materials ❤️

Hashboard uses to following logic to compute this:
- For each time bucket (e.g. month), Hashboard will attempt to match at most one funnel per entity. Time bucketing is based on the **first step** in the funnel.
    - This means that Hashboard will re-evaluate a given entity for each time bucket, e.g. `user1` might count toward the conversion rate once in January **and** once in February.
- We always attempt to match the first step (chronologically) following the preceding step.

> - Hashboard does not require the funnel to be completed within the time bucket it started in to count as a conversion -- instead, a time limit can be defined on the funnel configuration.

Reviewer: This sentence is a little confusing. Maybe this is more clear? I don't know. It's a complicated concept so trying to over explain it.

```suggestion
- Rate calculations do not enforce the entire funnel to be completed within a single time bucket. For example, a entity could begin on January 28th and end on February 2nd. Since conversions are grouped to their start time-frame, this would count as a conversion for January.
    - Rate calculations respect the time limit settings in the funnel configuration. This setting is applied independently from the granularity of the rate calculation. Using the example above, if the time limit was 2 days, the user wouldn't count as converted, since February 2nd is more than 2 days after January 28th.
```
